alright hey everybody thought I'd do a
little unboxing video here I just got a
brand new video card from UA and it came
from a gigantic box I wasn't expecting
that it's like four pounds what is it
whatever all right so what said open
this man who I have a knife over here in
the mess that is the top of my desk
let's cut this bitch open take a look
there we go oh yeah yeah there's all
kinds of see I hate these things because
they get everywhere how careful I am I
just get them in there super charged
with static oh is this okay okay this is
like a yeah this is a gaming coupon that
came with it this will get me
graduations this code is good for one
full game download of one over the
following Dark Void Street Fighter 4 or
Resident Evil 5 check that out no I'm
not gonna do Resident Evil fucking
behind
okay let's I'm trying to do this without
getting this shit doctor
and it says super terrific okay there we
go there we go and the rest is basically
all garbage that is just seems so
wasteful alright so here it is it's like
it's yeah okay there we go
that's the right way it's a GTS 250
GeForce Nvidia of course me by XFX
supposed to be a very good brand I
usually go with EVGA but the EVGA card I
wanted was all sold out so I end up
going with this and from what I heard
it's actually a really really good
quality video card at XFX
so let's just cut that and open this
thing up take a look pretty nice box
actually I've been taken aback by the
beauty of this box
yeah it really catches your eye and it
said that comes with full game inside
call of duty 4 modern warfare that's
kind of cool I don't actually own that
game core edition graphics card alright
whatever
throw that over there let's open this
thing up it's in a shoebox it's it
reminds me of a shoebox that's
interesting
alright we've got a quick install guide
which the video cards are incredibly
easy to install even if you don't know
much about computers yep
oh this better not be one of those
dreaded no I don't think it is what well
across that bridge when we come to it
another installation guide yeah
what like I say it's not that difficult
to install video card I mean if you
really don't know what you're doing this
could certainly be helpful to you but
it's pretty much just plug it in and
turn the computer on okay
yeah there's the call of duty modern
warfare desk free game it's pretty cool
I can get a free game with the last one
it's like you've got the Nvidia graphics
card or drivers here driver installation
I don't know if that's does that mean
DVD is that no unless I see you know
that's okay it's not a big deal
of course you can always go download the
drivers - you don't need to use this
disk boy it's telling me to play hard I
don't know why it's ok here we go we've
got a DVI to VGA adapter which I will
need I have about 50 of those as it is
you've got a s video adapter so you
could I guess plug this thing into your
TV you watch whatever is on your
computer on this HDTV if you wanted to
watch that in high def and we've got a
molex to 6-pin converter which I also
won't be easy username and password
support information oh okay it's a door
hanger that says do not disturb on
gaming fucking retarded it's the last
thing I'd ever wanted to stick on my
door
alright here we go nice anti-static bag
okay just to be safe I'm gonna take my
sweatshirt off cuz this thing does
produce it statics yes
and maybe grown myself out here okay
last thing I want to do is send a static
charge be this thing completely
destroyed although I'm fairly certain
XFX would probably send me a new card
after I sent this back but that's not
something I want to go through and there
she is
all right this thing is long while
according to what I read on the on the
website the one downside of this video
card is that it's incredibly long and it
is I mean that's that's a pretty good
size with your car someone said it was
about 10 inches I wouldn't call that 10
inches I'd say that's no well shit maybe
it is anyway we've got this thing going
here I don't know if this is I think
this is just plastic copies yeah
definitely plastic but this basically
works as the air duct as you can see it
takes up two slots you've got the actual
card here and then we've got this
cooling duct I'm assuming this fan here
sucks in the air and blows it out the
back here should work pretty good it
looks like it's triple SLI ready which
is insane I can't do that my motherboard
only has one PCI slot anyway so there
you go brand new video card hopefully my
fallout videos will be looking a lot
better I should be able to run it at max
settings no problem this is a what is
this that's a one gig video card anyway
so alright there you go
this should be a big improvement over my
current video card I have which is a 256
megabytes
of course and I don't know what else to
say I picked this up for $150
it was $30 off about all I've got I'm
sure I'm going to forget something as
soon as I end the video but there you go
brand new video card games should be
looking a lot better should take a
decent amount of load off my computer's
processor which is getting to be kind of
old yeah good times so I am going to
install this bad boy and I will see you
guys back in the wasteland